[Music]
let's go through the process of setting
up an rtmp stream when you click on the
rtmp option you'll see several fields
that need to be filled out the first
step is to give your rtmp stream and
name this can be anything that helps you
identify the stream next decide if this
will be a shared Source meaning it's
accessible to everyone or a private one
for your use only you'll notice three
fields that are gray out at first these
will be enabled later in the process so
don't worry about them just yet to
proceed you'll need to check a few boxes
the first option is use as growing live
if you skip this your stream will only
work with The Cutting Room live studio
or module and you won't be able to edit
the live feed directly in the editor we
include this option because directly
integrating live feeds into the editor
requires constant processing which is
more
expensive so
for a 247 channel that you are likely to
only grab a clip from Once in the while
disabling this will be more cost
effective next you'll want to set the
time zone this ensures that we display
the correct time for the live in the
players you can either use the
preconfigured shortcuts or if the stream
has an embedded time zone that doesn't
match you can override it by checking
the override time zone box if you want
to integrate your own electronic program
guide or e PPG we also support that if
you're using grace note you'll need to
enter the API key image endpoint and
station ID once youve filled in all the
necessary information click save to save
the rtmp configuration after saving when
you revisit the rtmp settings you'll see
some additional technical options the
first thing you'll notice is the status
which will show as stopped this means
the ingest point isn't currently active
you control when it starts and stops
which is important because running it
incurs costs when it's active Hardware
is engaged to receive live signals now
you can select the endpoint size we
offer four different sizes and the price
scales based on the frame rate and
resolution for most streams micro size
is sufficient but larger sizes are
available if needed the DNS based ingest
point is a server URL used to send a
live stream or video from a chosen
encoder to Cutting Room the DNS URL is a
static link That Remains the Same even
when you restart the stream copy this
URL into your encoder but notice that
you also have to enter a streaming key
the streaming key is a unique identifier
that works like a password allowing your
live stream encoder to connect securely
to Cutting Room it's typically required
during the setup of a live stream simply
copy the streaming key into your encoder
and you're ready to start streaming
remember to start the live stream in
Cutting Room Before initiating the
stream from your
encoder Press Start then open your
editor you'll see a video camera icon
click on it if everything is set up
correctly the stream should be up and
running quickly and you can start
editing typically your ingest point will
be ready to receive a stream within
about 40 seconds when it is ready you
can start your encoder
[Music]
if the status shows as running but the
editor displays no signal this means the
stream is active but no video signals
are being received if you're not
receiving any stream even after having
waited for some seconds first check the
encoder and ensure all settings are
configured
correctly if the encoder still cannot
connect after verifying settings try
switching from a dns-based server URL to
an IP based server URL the this can help
resolve issues caused by excessive DNS
caching in certain networks note that
when using an IP based server URL you
will need to update the server URL in
the encoder each time you start a stream
inest as the IP based server URL will
change the advantage of using DNS is
that it always Remains the Same once
your encoder starts with the right
settings your live stream will begin to
appear the stream status will change to
live and you'll be able to see your live
inside Cutting Room and start editing
from it
[Music]